# PodcastApp
This project is a website that allows you to stream podcasts (or any audio) only to authenticated users. It is a PWA, so you can even "install" it on your device. All core functionalities are working offline as well. The users can download podcast episodes manually, browse through and listen to them offline. The audio files are encoded as HLS (for ios) and DASH (for everyone else) streams and brought to the user with the help of the shaka-player API. Additionally, every podcast episode has its own comments section, which was inspired by Discord chat channels. All the data (for example, the podcasts metadata or the user data) gets stored in a MongoDB Database. In addition to the general authentication, the admins can define user groups (named filterBubbles in the code) and assign podcast categories to these bubbles. They can only see podcasts they are approved for.

## Story
This website is the very first web app I've ever built. It was my project during the first lockdown that I wanted to share short audio diary entries with friends. My goal was a program where you could listen to podcasts offline and still use as little storage space and resources as possible. To get to know Javascript and the browser environment properly, I decided to use as few libraries as possible. I definitely wouldn't do that these days, but it has resulted in an efficient little player coming out. At the same time, the code became so confusing that I never finished the project. I've learned so many new things since this project that I would probably do everything differently if I built it again. It's definitely not a good example of my current skills, but it was a nice project, and I learned a lot from it.
